One of the top jewels in the dessert industry is the vanilla crystal shabu pastry.
This biscuit is crispy and delicious.
The approach is simple
Put flour
While blowing up vanilla seeds
Scratch like this
Knife and cutting board parallel
Put in vanilla seeds
Don't throw vanilla pods
Can be put into sugar
Soaked in sugar water, milk
Dried food
add sugar
Hair powder
salt
Put the cream into small pieces and put it in
Directly put
Just like making a crispy dough
Is the same principle
Start with low speed
Put all the dried ingredients
Fresh cream, egg yolk liquid and finally put
Sanding dough
After the sanding is completed, liquid ingredients are added.
Add egg yolk
Maintain low speed
Again, fresh cream
Full fat cream
Can make the dough stick
Dough bonding adds a smooth mouthfeel
There is also the aroma of shortbread
stop
Never be too long
Dough oil is very smooth and very beautiful
Then sprinkle the flour
Sprinkle very little, just fine
Too much flour will become too dry
Not good
Then come the growth bar
This weight can be made two
The dough is divided into two pieces
Pay attention to uniformity
To be even
No holes
Otherwise, the cut surface is not beautiful.
Also can't make the dough too solid
a dough like a coin
If not sure
Flatten the dough by hand and then fold it back
Finished and then proceed to the second
Put on the flat plate first
Pour enough yellow sugar
Put the dough and start rolling
The dough does not need to be placed in the refrigerator
Maintain softness
Sugar is sticky
No need to apply egg liquid
Very simple
Roll back and forth several times
There will be a little thickness
Feeling like a broken drill
So called crystal diamond
Placed on a small flat plate
Put it in the refrigerator for 1 hour
Take out the frozen strip of long crystal diamond vanilla dough
Has hardened
Start cutting now
Crystal diamond vanilla shortcake will collapse slightly when baked
So you can't cut too much
Cut the front end first
Note that the thickness of each knife must be consistent
Just control the baking time
Knife
If the blade is cold
Place on the flat plate
Interacting like a puff
Then the dough is still cold and put in the oven.
This is very important
The temperature of the oven is 150 ° C
Bake for 15 to 20 minutes depending on oven performance
Keep the surface a little white
These crystal diamond cookies are very beautiful
I should let it cool and eat, but we can't wait.
This side of the granulated sugar
Smooth and smooth, crispy and crispy
Change now for you